Welcome to the Knox video training series
In this video, we’ll show you how to register  and configure authentication of certificate
it for Samsung Email application through Knox Manage
Before we start configuring the certificate authentication we first need to have following
instruction and configure in the company:
Exchange Server
Active Directory
Certificate Authority
and Knox Manage server side we need to have Knox Platform for Enterprise License
and configure integration with Android Enterprise
In order to authenticate Samsung email application with certificates from Knox Manage,
we need to:
Register a certificate authority
Add a certificate template
Configure Samsung Email app
Create your Android Enterprise policy profile
and finally, assign and apply those policies to Samsung Email app
Let’s get started!
Let’s begin by adding a Certificate Authority.
Go to the Knox.com dashboard and launch the Knox Manage Admin portal.
From the left navigation, click Advanced > Certificate Authority (CA),
then click Add
Enter the CA Name. In our example we’ll create a CA called “CompanyCA”
Then, on CA Type select the type of your CA Server.
In this example, it’s ADCS
Then, enter your server host information.
For the Key Algorithm, select RSA.
You can leave the setting of the Key Length to 2048.
Enter an authorized user name, password and domain.
After filling in the required fields,
click the Test Connection button to check if everything’s right.
If your configuration is correct you will see
the following confirmation message: Test Completed. – Select a CA.
In the Managing CA field, the corresponding SSL certificate automatically shows.
After clicking Save & Register Template,
we’re done with registering Certificate Authority
Let’s move on to add a Certificate template.
Enter the Template Name. In this example, let’s call it “CompanyMail”
For Platform, select Android.
Then select CA server. Here, we are using “CompanyCA”.
Enter CA Template Name. Yes, we are using CompanyMail
For the Subject Name, enter CN=
Then on Certificate Usage select Exchange
Finally on SAN Type select Email Address and enter
and click the + button.
When that is done, click Save.
As certificate has been setup,
we can start configuring Samsung email application using Managed Configuration.
In the left navigation, select Application.
Then, on the page that opens click Add.
After you assign the app to the appropriate group click Set Configuration.
For Email address field, use the Lookup button
and find the item Email in the list and click on the name.
An appropriate variable will be inserted in the email address field.
Do the same for User name field, under the list the item User ID.
In EAS domain field, as with the first two fields, use the Lookup button .
and find position Email Domain in the list.
Enter appropriate values Exchange server name.
For the field CBA certificate alias enter the name
of the prepared certificate template.
We will quickly a create personalize the account name by using valabous
first name and last name for this.
Finally, click Save to finish the app configuration.
As a final step in create profile configure more policies
to your Samsung Email app.
Let’s start with setting up your profile.
In the left navigation, click Profile,
then Add button to create a new profile.
Remember to create a profile depending on your activation mode.
In this example, the mode is Fully Managed Android Enterprise profile.
When you are done, click Save & Set Policy.
For example, we'll set a policy that restricts user from making changes to their account.
Under the Android Enterprise profile menu, click System.
Select Disallow in Account Modification.
The Samsung Email app, when launched,
by default requires user permission to access memory and contacts.
The App Permission setting can grant such permissions automatically.
You just need to set your permissions to Grant
To associate this device profile with the certificate
we’ve registered, click Certificate.
Enter the name in Configuration ID,
then next to Install area set the location
where the certificate should be installed.
For our example, this location is Device.
For the User Certificate Input method,
use the Issuing external CA,
then in Issuing external CA (Alias) choose the appropriate certificate.
In our case, this value is CompanyMail.
The last step is to add an application.
which the certificate is assigned to.
Next to the Apps with Delegated Certificate Management field,
click Add.
In our example it is the Samsung Email app.
The final piece of setup is to add the Samsung app to the Device Admin list.
This setting will allow us to run email account despite blocking the function of adding
accounts on the device.
To do this, you need to use the Knox Service Plugin configuration.
Go to Knox Service Plugin and Device-wide policies,
change Enable device policy controls to True
Find Device Admin allowlisting and again change to True
for Enable device admin controls.
Click Add for Allowilisted Das to select Samsung Email app from the list application.
Click Save & Assign,
then select EmailCert and click Assign & Apply,
Apply to finish the profile configuration.
At this stage, we’ve finished configuring settings for Certificate Authentication
of the Samsung Email app.
When the certificate is pushed,
user can download it in Knox Manage on the device.
Then, the Samsung Email app will continue  been installed
and configured on the device.
For more information on Knox Manage
visit on Knox Admin Guide
https://docs.samsungknox.com
Thank for watching!